Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon again, and we have some things on our heart to talk to you about.
I've been trying to make these videos every day, praying with you and seeking the face of the Lord so that we could be this prayer army that God's called us all to be.
But there's a lot of people that don't know who we are, where we've come from, and our past, including some of the struggles and successes we've been through.
Diana and I have been married for quite a while now, going on twenty-some years.
We set out to be in ministry; it seems like my whole life since I was my son's age, I've always wanted to seek the ministry and have some part of it, even if it was behind the scenes.
I started traveling and going to Benny Hinn crusades because I saw what he did on TV, and I was like, 'Man, there is something about this.
Is this fake? Is this real?'I was just curious as a young kid.
So, I saved up my money as I worked, put it aside, and would go to crusades.
My dad, or friends and I, would get in the car and drive long distances.
I flew to Fort Lauderdale and went to Arkansas and Fort Worth.
There were a lot of places we went to just to experience the glory because we were hungry. I experienced the glory of the Lord there.
I know he gets a lot of hate now—a lot of people do not like him—and I'm not here to defend him, as I don't know him personally. I just know that I experienced the glory when I was there.
So, if I bring up a person's name, don't throw eggs at me and say, 'Well, you're saying his name; he's of the devil,'and all that.
I don't believe they're of the devil, or I wouldn't have gone.
I only went because I knew in my heart I had a pulling to go and experience the glory, the same way I want to experience it with Billy Burke. I don't chase people; I chase the glory and the anointing.
When we got married, I told her, 'Let's go to some crusades.'We traveled around and experienced them on our vacations from our ministry jobs.
I just wanted to be where Jesus was. In the back, I was helping because I was a stocky guy—pretty tall and hefty—so I could catch people.
A guy named Sam saw me and I told him, 'I'm here to volunteer; I want to usher.'He said, 'Well, you can help the people down off the stage.'I wanted to get as close to the platform as I could so I could see.
There were times when they wanted me to catch because there were so many people.
When Benny Hinn took his hand like this, the glory of the Lord knocked me back. I couldn't get up off the ground, and I was hooked.
I called Diana on the phone and said, 'Hey, you'll never believe what just happened. I just got knocked off my feet.
It was amazing.'After the service, I went to the back where a man was eating strawberry cake and strawberries. I'll never forget it.
He said, 'Young man, you're the reason I showed up today.'I looked at him like, 'Who is this old guy?'He said, 'The Lord told me I was supposed to meet you.
I have a word for you.'He said, 'I'm going to meet twelve of you in the next couple of months.
You're end-time people that will bring healing to the nations.'He told me I had a mantle on my life like Kathryn Kuhlman, Oral Roberts, and Benny Hinn. He said, 'I'm supposed to pray for you.
My name is Ralph Wilkerson, and I have Melodyland Christian Center.'I didn't know who that was at the time, but I later learned he had a mega-church in Anaheim.
He said, 'I'm supposed to lay hands on you and impart a double portion of the anointing on my life onto you by what the Spirit of the Lord has told me to do.'He laid his hands on mine, and suddenly, the fire of the Holy Spirit went through him into me.
The palms of my hands felt like I had two hot coals in them. He prayed and prophesied over my future, imparting the glory into me.
I was shook; the power of God was all over me. I was forever changed and have never been the same since that impartation.
At the time, I was working at a grocery store, sacked groceries for years because I had a lot of learning problems.
I did that until a lady named Debbie called and said, 'Brandon, we have a job for you at the ministry if you want to be a janitor here.'I told her, 'I'm not interested. I'm called to preach and prophesy.
I am not a janitor.'She said, 'Well, I think you're making a mistake, but if that's your choice, okay.'After I hung up, the Holy Spirit said, 'You take that job and you take it now,'rebuking me for my attitude.
I called her back and said, 'Debbie, I feel the Lord has told me to take this job.
My flesh doesn't want to, but I'll do it.'It was during a 30-day revival called '30 Days of Glory.'I started cleaning and helping out, and after the meeting, they hired me full-time.
Not knowing what God was doing, I started cleaning in the back.
They had prayer school every Thursday where they taught people to pray, just like I do with you now.
On my breaks, I would sit in the back and listen to a lady named Gina and Pastor Terri.
They would pray every Thursday, along with a lady named Annie. I listened to them all the time while I was cleaning.
On Mondays they had healing school, and on Thursdays they had prayer.
I would listen as they ministered to the sick. This went on for three years.
I started taking care of the ministry plans, the ministry, and the balconies.
I started going down to the main house of this preacher. I took care of things.
I took care of their cars, I cleaned things, I did a lot; I cleaned carpets.
So I started getting to go and help out and get things ready for main guest speakers that were coming, like Oral Roberts and a lot of others.
That's what I did. As I kept growing there, I started to have more favor, and I would just keep going because the Lord just had His hand on me.
Well, I learned to pray. They had a guest speaker come to an all-staff meeting; his name was Reinhard Bonnke.
I don't know if very many of you know who Reinhard Bonnke is, but Reinhard Bonnke was there, and he was telling the people thank you because this main ministry supported a lot of his crusades throughout Africa, and he wanted to say thank you for giving him money to help bring in the lost for Jesus.
He was praying there, and all of a sudden, he said, 'I feel led to pray for the staff. I feel led to pray for the staff.
So staff, if you feel you want to get prayed for, come down to the front, and I'll lay hands on you.'And I think probably everybody went down there.
I ran down there because I was like, 'This guy's talking about raising the dead. He's talking about seeing people get healed.
He's talking about millions of people getting saved.'And I was like, 'I want a part of this.'So when he came down to the front, he put his hands on top of my head, and he stopped and said, 'I put a double portion of the anointing on my life onto you.'I kid you not, it felt like a bolt of lightning hit me that day and knocked me on my backside again, and in that, I had impartation.
I got up, and I was forever—I'm telling you, that was one, besides Ralph Wilkerson, that was a forever-changing experience when Reinhard touched me.
I'm telling you all, I still have that fire of the Holy Ghost stirring on the inside of me, and it's something I—you know, as a kid, you wanted to be bad or whatever, you wanted to go out and hang with your friends.
But I always had the Holy Ghost always stirring me. I couldn't sin without having that in the back of my mind: 'I've got a call in my life.
I have impartation.'It was always something convicting me; I don't know how else to describe it.
It was just heavy on me, the Holy Spirit telling me, 'Don't do this. You've got a call.
You've got to do this.'And then I started having dreams and visions when I started praying.
I was in the back one day at that church and the Lord spoke to me.
He said, 'I'm putting a mantle of prayer from this sister that went home.'And if I said her name, everybody would know who she was. But the Lord said, 'I'm going to give you that mantle.
And as this comes on you, you will pray and it will be different, and you're going to start to see.'So I started looking up on the internet who this woman was and I started trying to find books and teachings about who she was that the Lord told me about.
And I was like, 'Okay, Lord.'So I started studying her. And the more I prayed in the back with Gina and them, it just kept bubbling up on me.
And I started seeing things. I started seeing terrorist attacks; I started seeing all kinds of things.
I'm talking about when 9/11 happened as a young man. I saw all that; I had it all down to everything that was going on.
The Lord showed me and I had specific details of things, and people were like, 'Well, who is this kid?'because I was just a young kid. I just started seeing the spirit that way.
And then the more I prayed, the more I sought Him, the more I started seeing angels, the more I started talking, and I had a visitation from Jesus.
I've had so many visions and impartations of seeing into the spirit realm that I can't count them all anymore; you lose track.
And I don't say that all to brag; I tell you this because I'm trying to tell you who we are.
And that's what's happened. When the Lord told me to leave Fort Worth and leave that ministry, we came here.
I thought for sure at that time, because of the way I prayed and things were going on with me, that I was going to step right into ministry at a young age.
And the Lord called me to be a janitor again. I cleaned toilets at that mega-church, learning how a mega-church functions so I could run it with my eyes closed.
I'm just being real. I watched everything and I learned everything I could from the staff to the music, to all of it, how it flowed.
I was there every Sunday and every Wednesday. That was my job. I opened it, I closed it, and I set the alarm.
I was everything; I walked around and cleaned the bathrooms and got everything done.
And that was what I did for 13 years—10 years on staff like that and then the other time I was doing the floors in other campuses.
So altogether 13-some years, and it was the longest 13 years of my life.
So Diana's going to tell her side, what she's done, and I'll let her talk a little bit.
Yeah. So I worked at the ministry too. I did the prisoner letters and counted the offerings and that kind of thing.
And then we met at a Bible study—at Jeremy's Bible study. Yeah.
And then when we moved here, I worked at the grandson of the main minister's. We met at a Bible study and we've talked ever since.
And then when we moved here, when we worked at the other ministry, I counted offerings there as well.
And after Megan got diagnosed with autism, she was still in diapers. It was really, really severe.
Brendan's told the story; it was a really, really dark time in our life.
We're still going through that, but we're seeing progress.
And so that's good, ever since she got prayed over by Billy Burke.
So, but whenever she was diagnosed at the ministry that we were at, they were telling me that I couldn't work from home and that if I went and got my degree, I might get a promotion, but we would have to pay for it ourselves.
So I was really praying about it because I really needed to be home with Megan a lot and it was just a lot.
They said you could be at home working part-time and be there for a season because of how bad Megan was, right?
But they said one day you're going to have to come back up here. They told me I was going to have to go back up there.
So we were really praying about it and felt that the Lord was leading me to go to ORU.
They had this program where you could go online, and it was something that I was interested in.
So I started doing that, and I would work all day at the ministry and then come home and write papers and essays and all the stuff at ORU, do all my tests, watch everything, and I worked on that until sometimes 2:00 in the morning.
And so I did that for four years for my bachelor's. Yeah, four years there at ORU.
And don't be modest, she made a 4.0 all the way through college with her bachelor's, by the grace of God.
Yes, a 4.0 by the grace of God. Summa Cum Laude, graduated top of the class for business and for accounting.
Yeah, got that. Then, because you specialized in business and everything, right?
And then after those four years, then she said, 'Brandon, I feel like I'm supposed to keep going.'I said, 'Are you kidding?
We just did four years, every night of our life for four years.'I haven't really got to talk to you because I was taking care of Megan and Braden.
I told her, "I'm exhausted with this, but if you feel led to go, honey, I'll support you."She said, "Well, it takes three years for my master's, Brandon."Yeah, to do another three years.
I thought, "Dear God,"because I was thinking it would probably be more beneficial pay-wise.
So I got my major and then my master's in accounting and taxation.
She made a 4.0 all the way through that. You cannot skip that part, baby. You worked hard.
She made straight A's through her master's, got an accounting degree, and was able to specialize in taxation, right?
Taxes and doing CPA stuff for ministries. She wanted to do the ministry finances at the church we were working for.
That was the goal, to be the head of it because it made good money there.
I was just trying to provide for Megan's needs, and that gets really expensive when you're a parent.
All her therapists were saying, "You've got to prepare for her future and she needs a savings account."So I was thinking we have to keep going.
Maybe that'll help make more money if I get my master's, so that's why I just kept going.
There were so many nights that I would literally crawl into bed crying, and I would say I didn't even understand what I was doing in some classes.
It was pretty intense. There were classes like that—what I'm talking about.
She would have a problem in some of those master's classes that would take up two or three pages, and she'd keep flipping it over and say, "I got it right."I remember you crying.
I prayed for you. I cried and cried. There were several classes where I don't know how I did it other than the grace of God.
I remember I would just sit there and cry out to God in the shower and say, "Lord, you told me to do this.
I need some help here because I don't know what I'm doing in this class."Then I would pray, take a break, go back to the class, and see it in a different light.
That's how I made it. Sometimes in the homework I would fail, but I'd make the A.
Holy Spirit would help bring things to my remembrance and help my memory during the tests to score higher.
I don't know how she did it other than the grace of God because she didn't have a tutor.
She watched YouTube videos of someone teaching because the teachers were not very helpful.
She watched it online, did the course, and did the assignments, and that's all she had.
Sometimes I told her, "I don't know how you're going to do this,"but I was going to pray in the Holy Ghost.
What really helped was that in high school, I had some really good teachers who taught me how to write essays.
I was pretty decent at writing essays going into college. We wrote so many essays for professors, and I got really good at it.
The reason I bring up her testimony is that she did all that with two babies.
One had special needs so severe that we couldn't sleep, functioning off no sleep and staying up.
We did all this for seven years, pushing forward. Now we have a ton of student loans, but we'll get it taken care of.
It is a major amount of student loans. Then, when our pastor fell morally, she had just graduated.
We were thinking we'd announce she has her degree. I'm so proud of her.
I said, "Baby, you're like Rocky! You did it! You knocked down the big Russian guy."I told her, "We can do this now.
We're going to make decent money."We were living on food stamps and barely making it the whole time.
I told her, "Thank God we're there. Maybe we'll make six figures and be able to pay back these student loans."We were so excited.
The next two weeks, she went in and they said, "We have an announcement to make."The pastor we were working for, who told her she could run the finances, fell morally.
I got laid off. She kept doing the accounting and the offerings, but I told her we had to get out of there because they weren't going to promote her.
They said they couldn't anymore because they laid off so many people; their finances tanked.
That happened the year I graduated. God had other plans, which was to do eBay.
That all came through her too, because of learning the business side of things.
People ask, "How did you learn to hear God the way you hear Him?"Well, I had always seen things since I was a teen.
I pray and the Lord shows me things, but I started developing the prophetic ear of really hearing the voice of the Lord.
Don't crucify me, but this is just real. Don't get mad when I tell you how I heard. It was always watching sports with the Lord.
That may sound crazy, but I would sit on the couch and we would talk about the score of the game.
I would pray in the spirit, and the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm going to teach you to hear because you love sports.
You love basketball, football, and baseball, and I'm going to talk to you so you can practice my presence through this."He would say, "This is who's going to win and in what quarter."He would tell me each thing step by step.
He would tell me in advance who was going to win the World Series and the Super Bowl. I would write it down and tell Diana privately.
The Lord said this team would win and who would be in the Super Bowl at the end of the year, including the score.
Every single time, it was right. Then he started talking to me about the weather.
He would say, "On this day, it's going to rain. This day, a cold front's coming through.
In four weeks, this is what's going to happen."He would tell me how much rain we'd get.
It was always something, but I think my favorite thing was always the weather.
I loved it. He still talks to me about the weather, but not like that.
Now we talk about everything because it's like we're on here.
But I loved the simplicity of the relationship back then, how I practiced His presence and we would talk about sports. My main thing was the NBA Thunder.
I would always tell him, and so much so, March Madness came and I would pick the teams that were going to win for March Madness college basketball.
But the Lord told me, 'If you ever bet or gamble off of what I'm telling you, I'll never speak to you this way again. This is something private between me and you.
You can learn this because you can learn and practice my presence and hear my voice.'Brandon, this was something that you did not talk about at the time.
I never told anybody; I was always private about it, and it was something that Diana and I knew, and my son.
It was always fun to us. We always knew when the weather was coming because God always talked about it.
I would hear in April how the weather was going to be all through the summer.
It was really cool, I'm telling you. I would write things down.
I literally told her, 'By this time, this is how the summer will be,'and I'd tell her the temperatures.
The Lord would tell me how many hurricanes would be in the summer, how many major hurricanes would hit America, and how many major tornadoes would come. He would always tell me far in advance.
I would know exactly how many hurricanes and the category and where they would hit precisely at the location when they would forecast a week in advance.
I'd see it develop in the Gulf of Mexico or out in the Caribbean, and He would say, 'This is where that hurricane's going to hit, and it's going to hit this town.'He would tell me, and I would tell people—I would try to hint around to them.
I would say, 'Hey, this is where I believe it's going to hit. They're all saying it's going to hit here, but...'And then whenever Katrina happened, I knew.
There are just things that the Lord talks to you about, and I'm just being real.
This is how I learned. So Diana and I just kept practicing His presence.
The more that happened, the more I got confident in hearing Him, and the more He started talking to me and developing other things.
Then He wanted us to eBay. To make a long story short, we started doing that and He started telling me where to go to get stuff out of thrift stores.
We started doing eBay because we had a bill that was due and we didn't have the money to pay it because he had just gotten laid off.
We were trying to come up with a way to not have to borrow the money.
I was praying about it, and I felt in my spirit the Holy Spirit say, 'Just go ahead and start reselling clothes from thrift stores.'We only had $100.
So I told Brandon, 'I think the Lord's telling me that we should take that $100 and I'll go into the thrift store and look for the clothes that He leads me to, that I think I can make a profit on.
Then we can come up with the money and I'll put everything on auction.'That's what we did, and it exploded.
The Lord blessed our socks off. We were able to pay that bill within a day.
I look at where God has brought us from. I'm telling you all, God is no respecter of persons.
What He did for us in our little journey, whether it's boring to you all or not, I think it's good to talk about it because a lot of people have no clue.
We're not just people who come on YouTube; we've had a story.
Everybody has a story and we fought it out. We've stuck it out. We've been together through very trying times.
We're still married, we still love each other, and we're passionate about trying to help you all.
Our heart is to preach to the nations, to lay hands on the sick and do the Great Commission, to do everything that God's called us to do even with all the words that have been given to us.
When she graduated at ORU—she graduated, not we, though I feel like I'm part of it—the dean of ORU gave her a prophetic word and laid hands on her.
He said, 'The Lord told me to tell you: you're a prophet to the prophets.
You and your husband will walk in a very strong prophetic anointing in the days ahead.'That was the only word we had ever gotten that told us we are prophetic people.
He said, 'You'll be a prophet to the prophets.'I thought, 'What is that?'He laid hands on her and prayed for her.
I wasn't able to go to the graduation because Megan was so bad; I had to sit out in the car while she went to graduate. That was at the honors banquet.
I went to the honors banquet first and he couldn't even come in because he had to be in the car with the kids because Megan was...
it was too hard. She would have thrown a huge fit. I sat out in the parking lot and prayed in the spirit for her while she went in there and had dinner by herself.
I was really disappointed that night, but it's just part of the pressure.
Brandon was like, 'You've got to go. You earned this.'They gave her medals and all this cool stuff.
I told her, 'You can't miss out on this. You worked too hard.'So as bad as it was that she had to go by herself, she went.
She didn't know anybody, but she went. We've been through some stuff, y'all, but we're still standing.
No matter how the waves of life try to knock you down, it's the fight on the inside.
It's like that little airbag clown that you keep punching and he keeps standing.
You say, 'Why does he keep getting back up?'Because he's standing on the inside.
That clown is standing on the inside. He keeps getting back up.
You keep punching the airbag because he's standing on the inside.
There's something about that. I believe it's people who stand on the inside.
No matter how bad life tries to knock you on your hiney and these waves keep coming after you, Diana and I keep fighting through it.
This is just barely scratching the surface of our testimony. There's been a lot of pain in the process.
People say, 'Well, you need counseling.'Jesus has been my counselor.
I don't need a shrink. I've got the Word. I may have battle scars.
You may look at me and go, 'Brandon, you look like you've been through the wringer.'Yes, I have.
I have been through hell, but I've kept walking. I refuse to camp there. I refuse to be a victim of things that have happened.
As I told some family members, 'If you lived my life back then for a week, you'd be ready to jump off a cliff.'Not many people could have lived it.
It was by the grace of God. And I know there's a lot of you out there that have a worse testimony than us, that have been through trying times.
We see your letters. I cry over them. I see some of these letters and what you're going through and I go, "Oh God, I feel it.
It's real."I just wanted to give you all some hope that if God can do what he has done through dying and walk us through the valley of the shadow of death a lot of times, feeling like his rod and his staff comfort me—that's the kind of God I believe we serve: he is able to bring us out of the pit.
And it may be that we're still walking out of it. We're still coming through the storm, but we're standing up on the inside. By the way, my youngest made me this shirt.
I told her, "Daddy, will you wear that shirt after I made it for you?"And I said, "Yes, not only will I wear it, but I'll wear it on my video and everybody on YouTube can see my shirt, baby."So I wore it and she was so excited.
She grinned from ear to ear when she said, "Daddy, you're really going to wear it on the internet."So, she made it for me.
She sent me a tie-dye. Diana has one to match. I should have worn mine.
She wore hers yesterday, so it's dirty. So, we're matching. We have matching tie-dyes.
My little Paisley—the one that raised the dog from the dead, that was out praying over that dog that I stepped on and killed—if you ever hear that testimony, that little firecracker, she's the one that made this.
She's my little faith buddy. She's a praying machine, isn't she?
She's been baptized in the Holy Ghost since she was three years old.
Whenever I was praying at night, Braden sits in with me and Diana was sitting there.
Megan and dying a lot of times would go put Megan to bed because Megan wouldn't go to sleep without Diana laying by her.
But I put Paisley on my lap or Braden and I sit there and just pray, and the fire of God comes on the kids and then they get baptized in the Holy Ghost and they start praying with me.
It's the way it's been. Braden's been baptized in the Holy Ghost since I think he was two. It's just the way it is.
When you pray and you're a praying family, we just believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
And we just believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
It's real to us, and it's exciting to walk things out by faith.
So, let's take communion today. I hope that video blessed you all.
It was kind of different, but we thought we'd talk about some of our past. And you know what?
Our past is our past, and we're thankful for what God's brought us: a brand new future tomorrow.
We're a work in progress, folks, as you can see. And so, we're going to take communion right now. I don't want to keep drawing this out.
We didn't want to keep it and make it boring for y'all, but we wanted to tell people where we come from.
So, let's take communion and see if the Lord shows us anything.
There's so much going on right now with the earthquakes, with all the stuff happening in the Middle East this week. Wow. We've had an amazing week, have we not?
With all this stuff, I go, "Wow."I told Braden, "Every day, this is getting really intense."I told you the labor pains would start to become more and more.
We would see more and more in the news with the signs of the times—basically what I told you all before even President Trump headed over to the Middle East—that we would see a rising of the finances of the Middle East.
A great financial wealth transfer will happen with the Middle East, with the prince of Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Syria, and Jordan.
All these major nations will rise up and become the breadbasket of the world. Financial stability like you've never seen before.
And the Antichrist will rise out of this and show everybody, "I have a solution to all everyone's problems."Even President Trump said, "You know, I really like this guy.
I don't know why, but I really like this guy."Everybody's going to like him.
He's just a really nice guy. And this is why people say, "Brandon, I don't believe it.
He seems like he's kind of goofy or whatever."Folks, are you expecting the Antichrist to show up with a sign that says, "I'm an Antichrist,"have a big AC tattooed on his head with devil horns and a red cape going, "Haha, I'm the Antichrist"?
Nobody's going to like you if you come out like that, are they?
If you expect all the nations of the earth to submit their kingdom to you and you come out saying, "Hey, I'm what the Bible said, I'm the Antichrist,"do you think if he comes out and says that, everybody's going to go, "I know the outcome of this"?
What's going to happen? He's going to have to come out deceitful, isn't he? I mean, seriously, let the elevator go to the top.
Do you think he's going to come out with his cabinet and his posse behind him?
All his influencers, social media—click, click, click. Let's put him on social media. He's on TikTok.
"I'm the AC."Like the bozo with the black cape came out and said he's the false prophet and all these things. He is a false prophet. This guy, he ain't nothing.
You're going to see a man of great "it factor"—an X-factor that people are going to go, "What is it about him?"He's not going to come out with the devil behind him going, "Just let everybody know, follow me."Seriously, we got to be smarter than that.
"I'm the Antichrist."I really don't understand what people are thinking.
He's coming out subtle: "I'm a nice guy. You want to be my friend? Follow me.
Let's do a financial system together."Then Elon Musk, his buddy with Starlink—"I'm going to give you all Starlink."I said, "My God, there it is, Braden. There he is. Let's introduce Starlink to Saudi Arabia.
Let's introduce Starlink to the Middle East."Well, you can buy it from me because he's lost all this money through all these people in DOGE being mad at him.
"We'll burn your cars. We'll do this."So, he's lost all this money. So, guess what?
Trump comes on and says, "I'll let you get some income coming in, buddy, through the Middle East.
So, you come with me in the airplane and we'll go over there and make some business deals for you and get back all that income you lost through the stock market over the last five months trying to help out the United States.
Let's get some business deals for you and you'll make all that back, plus a surplus of what you lost, and I'll make you even richer than what you are, because the Prince of Saudi Arabia is going to like you because I like you.
You and I are homeboys, right?"So you got the homeboy with Elon Musk.
And I told you: watch Neuralink, watch Neuralink, watch Starlink.
Here he is. He's walking over there and everybody likes him.
He's sitting on the front row fist-bumping. Everybody's fist-bumping, having a great time up there.
And I'm thinking: Antichrist, Starlink, with the dude that's going to produce the Antichrist system all in the same room hanging out with him.
And you know, "I really like this guy. Hey, let's free up Syria and we'll be a brotherhood again. You know what?
I thought about releasing the sanctions off of them."That sounds like a great idea, doesn't it? Do you not see it all?
It's not coming out as being so bold and in your face where you think it's going to be on the news, "Let's make it this guy's the bad guy."No, he's going to be liked. He's going to be feared.
Whenever they start to worship him in the days ahead, everybody's going to say, 'I never saw it coming.'Because it's just a spoonful of sugar that makes the medicine go down, folks.
It's giving you just a little bit at a time. They can't just come out and say, 'We're going to put the financial system all in crypto.'Watch what crypto does in the Middle East in the days ahead.
I say it again: watch what crypto does in the Middle East in the days ahead.
We're going to do it with a chip in the hand or the forehead. That sounds like a great idea.
You know, it's really a pain in the rear to have your cell phone all the time.
You don't want to have it on there because it runs down the batteries, doesn't it?
Well, you can't really do it through a Mastercard or a Visa, but crypto is digital blockchain.
I think we can do it through a chip. Sounds like a better idea to buy a car through a chip, doesn't it?
'I want to pay with XRP or whatever with my chip.'Then, oh, that did it through the grocery store: palm scanner or forehead.
You don't have to pay for it; it's a cashless society because it's all digital through crypto and the blockchain. No more cash; $100 bills are obsolete.
It doesn't mean we don't need those anymore, but we're paid through Bank of America and all these big ones through the blockchain.
It's all being done right in front of your faces. This is how it's going to be rolled out, and most of you don't even see it coming.
You're a frog in the pot. You think, 'He's a nice guy; I don't think it's ever going to happen like that.'Then how is it going to happen? Tell me your story; I want to hear it in the comments.
Is this how it's going to happen: he's going to come out with a red pitchfork and a black thing, have this cape, and say, 'Everybody, I'm the Antichrist'?
Seriously, that's what you think? Everybody knows through all the movies through time; everybody knows we're looking for this man.
He's not going to come out and tell you that. That's so stupid.
I think so differently about this than everybody else. I told Braden, 'I just don't get it.
I try to figure out what people are thinking.'You're waiting for Hollywood to come out with the bombs and the explosion behind him, like Neo in the Matrix.
Not trying to be funny, just being real with y'all. Danger alert! Danger alert! Father, we just thank you for your body.
We thank you that your son is coming so soon as we see this thing wrapping up.
We thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us and that you're coming back for us.
Thank you, Lord, that right now we're here on this earth and we have victory over sin and death, sickness, poverty, and all kinds of demonic influence.
Jesus paid the price for you and me to walk in victory over sickness and disease, poverty, lack, and barely getting by.
Jesus paid the price for you to have abundance, for us to walk from glory to glory.
I'm expecting demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
2025, the golden window of opportunity, the year of supernatural wealth transfer.
We're just entering into the foundation of the beginning of the end: the great financial digital platform.
I believe that we are right on the cusp of something huge happening.
Thank you, Father, that we're ahead of it. We saw it coming before it started because of you; you showed us.
You said, 'Hey, watchmen, this is what's coming. You don't have to be caught off guard.
Be ahead of the curve. Invest and you'll be ahead of the curve.'Why?
Because we are God's hands, feet, and mouthpiece in this earth.
As he is, so are we in this world. Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
It's time for the wealth of the sinner to be laid up for the righteous.
So, Father, we take this word right now in the name of Jesus and thank you for all you've done for us.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply it. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us today, covering our minds, our wills, our emotions, and our sleep at night.
Many people say, 'Brandon, I have trouble sleeping.'Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over their sleep, that they get restful sleep every single night.
No insomnia, no bad dreams, no torment. The Bible says he will have perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee because we trust in you.
Father, I thank you for this word and that we stand on the word of God, saying that we have perfect peace that passes all understanding.
We believe that we have perfect peace and great sleep. For those that are having trouble, many of you said, 'Brandon, I need help.
Will you pray for me?'I pray for you. Tonight, you will rest well. You'll have restful sleep.
Tonight, your beloved will rest and sleep eight hours strong—good sleep, not getting up to go to the bathroom because of prostate issues or bladder infections.
It's time for supernatural, restful sleep because our mind is stayed on him because we trust in him.
We trust you, Father. We believe that we have overcome the devil by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We plead the blood over our finances, our marriages, our children, and our unsaved loved ones.
We thank you, Lord, that we have the victory. We're already taking hold of it.
We resist what the devil has in the name of Jesus. We're not accepting your package, devil.
We resist you. We submit ourselves therefore unto God. We resist the devil and he will flee.
Thank you, Father, for the blood, and we apply it right now in Jesus'name.
Do you believe that today? Thank you, Father, that he whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Thank you, Lord, that I have the mind of Christ and can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. I have peace in my heart.
I have the gospel of peace, the helmet of salvation, the righteous breastplate, the girdle of truth, and the shield of faith.
I have the sword of the spirit, not a pocket knife. I don't have a pocket knife of the spirit.
I have a sword of the spirit. And my shield quenches all the fiery darts of the wicked by the word.
The word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. I will hide it in my heart that I might not sin against him.
If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
We ask what the word says. If you get this word done, it's the foundation.
This is what you ask for when you pray and you believe that you receive it and you shall have it.
I believe I receive it today; I believe what this Bible says I can have. I can do what the Bible says I can do. Thank you, Lord.
Now, I'm going to pray in the spirit and see if the Lord has anything for us.
I appreciate the ones that don't pray in the spirit. This is where you can sign off or you can keep listening.
But we're going to pray in the spirit for a little bit and see what the Lord shows us.
If he doesn't show us anything, that's fine. I pray over my eyes that I only see what the spirit of the Lord wants me to see.
And I only hear what you want me to hear. I'll not be snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over my ears, my eyes, and the ability to see in the spirit, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that I will only follow you, Father. I only hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
Father, I thank you Lord that we pray and we seek your face; whatever the Holy Spirit has for us, we pray and we obey and we seek you.
And Father, we will hear you in the name of Jesus. Everybody say amen. Thank you, Father. You lead, we'll follow.
Holy Spirit, you lead; we'll follow so that we're always in the right place at the right time doing what you've asked us to do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're not moved by our flesh.
We're moved by your spirit, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, following after you, knowing you, and hearing your voice, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we don't follow the stranger's voice.
We follow only the good shepherd's voice. My father has a plan for my life. My father has a plan for our life.
Father, you guide and lead us into all truth and where we're supposed to be, where we're supposed to live, where we're supposed to have our house, and where we're supposed to be in a city.
He says, 'Move,'and you move. Where you lead, I will follow.
That's what I'm talking about. Where you lead, I will follow. I will always be in the right place at the right time.
Say that: 'I will always be in the right place at the right time.'My family does not move by emotion.
We're moved by the spirit of God. I'm not moved by emotion. I'm moved by the spirit of God.
I move because when the Holy Spirit tells me to move, I will move without fear.
I will move without torment. I will do what the Bible says I can do. I have what it says I can have.
I will refuse to be tormented by a satanic spirit, any kind of devils, any Jezebel or vile spirits trying to come on and mess with us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're free in the name of Jesus.
Do you believe that today? You have to believe this. You have to fight for what he's trying to steal.
I'm not going to allow you to do this because he's going to try to rear his head up and take from you.
And that's why I say you can't just sit idly by and just go, 'Well, you know, it'll be what it will be.
Que sera, sera; I'm not going to believe that.'I'm not going to let whatever will be will be.
I'm going to do what the Bible says I can do. I'm going to fight the good fight of faith.
I'm going to contend for what he has for me. I'm going to take back what the devil stole from me.
You're not going to take from me. I take back and I call back double what you stole.
Just like you did for Job, Lord, you're no respecter of persons and you'll give me back double what you stole.
The devil tried to steal stuff from me this week. I said, 'No, you're not going to steal from me.
I'm a tither and I have tither's rights with my septic and all kinds of things.'I said, 'No, no, no.
You are not stealing from me. No thousands of dollars. No, I call back double what you stole.'I call back double what you stole in the name of Jesus.
I call it back into my hands. I call back financial blessing into my hands in the name of Jesus.
Satan, I call back double what you stole out of your economy into mine.
Come give me my money in Jesus'name. Right? Just like Job, he got it back double.
I'm calling back double when he messes with me. And I believe we'll get too expensive for the devil to mess with.
We stand on our covenant rights to say, 'Devil, you're not going to mess with me.
I demand back my money.'I'm just done with the thief trying to rob me.
Thank you, Father. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the blessing of Abraham.
We thank you, Lord, for the blessing of our covenant with you, that Father, we walk in the overflow.
We thank you, Lord, according to Deuteronomy 28. I stand on the covenant rights of Deuteronomy 28.
Father, we thank you for the blessing part of Deuteronomy 28. We receive the blessing part of Deuteronomy 28.
I'm redeemed from the curse of the law from Deuteronomy 28 below; all those curses.
Galatians says, 'Christ has redeemed me from the curse of that.'I'm not going to be under that curse.
Jesus has set me free. For sickness, I have health. For poverty, wealth, for Christ has ransomed me.
I believe I receive the blessing that the Lord says I can have. Deuteronomy 28, the blessing.
And if Isaac dug and planted in famine, I can reap a hundredfold in famine.
I can reap a hundredfold in the name of Jesus. Now the Lord said, 'Speak to the rain again.'I heard it.
I heard the spirit of the Lord right then. He said, 'Speak to the rain again.'We call forth rain in the name of Jesus.
We will not have drought. We'll not have lack of rain in the name of Jesus.
We call forth an abundant harvest of rain over our areas: over Texas, over Kansas, over Amarillo, Texas, over Lubbock, Texas.
We call forth an abundant rain; we speak to the jet stream, we call forth rain in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, and the west, we call forth rain in the name of Jesus.
Low pressure systems, come and stall out over our area and dump rain from the Gulf of America all the way up through, dumping the rain.
Come forth rain in the name of Jesus. It'll fill our lakes, our streams, and our rivers.
And we say the rest of the month of May is an abundant harvest of rain of over 10 inches of rain.
We call it in Jesus'name. That's what you got to do. Do you see what I just did?
That's what you do for your area. We call for rain. We speak to the high pressure systems: you shrink down.
You'll not burn our areas up. You'll not be in this excessive heat where we're inundated with 110, 117.
We will not have that. We call them to shrink down in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the high pressure system; you shrink down in the name of Jesus.
We call forth northerly flow from the Canadian. And Father, we call forth cooler air down in the name of Jesus.
We'll not have these hot summers. We're not going to do it. No, we have electric bills sky-high.
No. Father, I thank you, Lord. We have authority over the earth, over the air, and over things.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for we speak to the rain. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Thank you, Lord. Now, that's what they say. That's what you say to Florida.
You say, 'Brandon, we need rain in Florida.'We call for rain.
I call tropical depressions in. It doesn't have to be hurricanes; low winds, good rain.
We call it out of the Gulf. We call it out of the Atlantic. We call it in the name of Jesus.
We call good trade winds to come in with rain over Florida, so that this drought breaks over Florida.
You see, we're calling it. We don't want category four or five hurricanes.
No, we're not going to have those this year. That's what we said.
We won't have destructive hurricanes over Florida or over the Caribbean this year.
It'll be the first year that we'd ever see big hurricanes. Say that man-made storms—we're not going to have those.
No, we're not going to have major hurricanes that destroy the Gulf of America.
We're not going to have major hurricanes that destroy our area.
We won't have that. They hit Cuba and Jamaica and all these other places.
You've got to believe it now. You set your faith in agreement now.
You don't wait to work on your faith when you see the storm there.
You work on it now before you see the storms. You take your authority now before you see the storm.
A lot of people are trying to play catch-up, putting out the devil's fire as he's lighting the fires.
We're stopping the fires before they start, ladies and gentlemen. And that's what I'm hearing by the Spirit of God.
Before the storm even starts, before the tropical storms even start, we take authority over them. We'll only have rain, tropical depression rain.
They'll not ever get built up and have major storms coming out of Africa, coming through the low-pressure system causing these major storms.
I know what I see in the spirit: that they'll try to, but if you don't use your faith now, there's a lot of you that will be in trouble.
You must use your faith now coming against it, saying, 'Nope, as even today when we don't see nothing, we won't have nothing.'We're not going to have this.
We take communion over this, and this will not be a busy, active hurricane season.
We're not going to have destructive hurricanes just pounding our area like we had last year.
Last year was terrible. We're not going to have that. Father, we thank you, Lord.
We're not going to have major long-track tornadoes in Nebraska.
I saw two major tornadoes trying to hit Kansas and Nebraska—two major, like twin, like above category three, four, and five major tornadoes.
We won't have these two major, like twin sister tornadoes that I've seen by Nebraska in that area.
It's right about Nebraska, on the border by Kansas. It's right in that area, right up on the eastern side.
It's on the east side. Okay, I saw two major tornadoes in that area.
And I'm saying you take authority over it now. We're not going to have that. We are not going to have that.
We're not going to have long-track tornadoes destroying and killing people.
We're not going to do it. We have authority over storms. We have authority over the rain.
We have authority over hail. We have authority over straight-line winds, 100 mph winds. We have authority over it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've given us all power and authority, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We'll tread on serpents or scorpions. Thank you, Lord, for your abundant favor.
Thank you, Lord, for your abundance of grace. Thank you, Lord, for your abundance of healing and power and deliverance.
Father, you came to set the captives free. Father, I thank you, Lord.
You believe that today? You've got to believe it. You got to believe it.
What? Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. What are you saying out of your mouth? Even when you're not praying, what do you say?
'Oh, we're gonna have big, terrible hurricanes this year.'No, we're going to have bad tornadoes; they're going to kill everybody.
No, we're not going to do that. We're not going to have major earthquakes that shake all our houses and we're going to lose everything.
No. A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but it will not come nigh.
Why? Because I'm bought with the blood of Jesus. I'm bought with the blood of Jesus.
Do you remember Carman's song, 'Satan, Bite the Dust'? 'Satan, Bite the Dust'—do you remember that? You gotta—I love those old songs.
Or 'The Witch's Invitation.''I'm bought with the blood of Jesus; Satan, let me go.'You got to believe it.
I believe in my covenant. I believe in the power and the authority of the believer.
I believe in the power of the authority of the believer. I believe that Jesus Christ set me free.
I believe that no weapon formed against me will prosper. Thank you, Father.
I'm automatically back in Africa, and I see the clear outline of the whole continent of Africa.
Just like it was with the children of Israel. They had to go and take the land.
It didn't just come to them. They had to go and take the land. They had to take it by force, many at insurmountable odds.
Whenever it seemed like—like they said that they were grasshoppers because of the giants in the land—they had to take the land.
And what I see by the Spirit of the Lord: you will have to take this land in this window of opportunity.
What I just saw, you'll have to have that grit. It's not just going to happen like ripe cherries off a tree, is what I see. You have to go and take it and pillage the land.
It's going to be a fight, a good fight of faith that will be prayed out in faith on this channel and on other people's platforms.
Praying it out, working it out in the spirit, laying a foundation for the ministers to do their job.
For nothing happens in the natural before it happens in the spirit first.
Do you hear it? And this is what I see. I saw the green grass. I saw beautiful green grass.
And upon this, there was a line, a dividing line of the grass.
And there was great drought and dirt on this other side that looked like barren wasteland.
The green grass was beautiful, and it had a very distinct depth to it.
I could see how far. There were tumbleweeds rolling in the back.
I can see them now. I see in the spirit right now; I see tumbleweeds rolling. I see dry, dead grass.
I see trees, and I see it looks like no rain, but I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
And I see a cloud the size of a man's hand. It's in the distance.
And as we pray into this dryness, calling those things that be not as though they were, calling forth the rivers and the living waters, calling forth this land that we're in because we're in that place of the valley—I mean, we're in that place of the provision of Psalm 23.
He leads us beside the green pastures. He leads us beside the still waters. Do you understand?
We are in that place of Psalm 23, of the great provision of the green grass and the still waters.
But we're going to take it to the nations. You see, but it will happen through prayer.
He said, 'Will you contend for it?'Now, I don't know the word 'contend'—you have to contend for it.
Contend for it like you fight for it. For there's many strongholds of the demonic.
I see strongholds that feel like they cannot be broken. They stand their ground.
But as we come in and take the ground, we take the ground. We plow the ground.
We're doing a pioneer work. This is in Africa. Many of these spirits have not been challenged before.
It goes through Egypt and the Middle East, past Mount Moriah. I see a line.
And you'll hear many of the old people say, 'It's never been done before.'They'll try to push you back, saying, 'Oh, this is a time of lack.
We've never seen it done before.'But it's time for the body of Christ to soar. I see the young people rising up.
It's like they try to silence David: 'Go back to tending your sheep.'And then you say, 'Oh, who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he defies the armies of the living God?
I'm going to cut off his head and feed your carcass to the birds of the field.'We're going to take back the land.
You'll see a parting in the body of Christ as the young ones come up with a new way of thinking.
We're not grasshoppers in their sight. We're going to take the land.
A whole generation has had to die off to bring forth the new Joshua and the Calebs to say, 'I'll take the land.'I'm not a grasshopper.
As the scouts looked out over the land, they said, 'We're just as grasshoppers.
We can't take the land.'But the Lord said, 'I'm with you and I'll help you take the land.'Through every tribe and every tongue.
I see a snapping turtle in South America. It represents something.
People draw back because of this snapping turtle, intimidated by how big it is as it has its mouth open, waiting to strike.
This snapping turtle is ginormous, the size of the whole continent of South America.
It's right by the Panama Canal, and it's trying to strike as people try to come into South America.
It's facing northwest and it's striking out. This massive turtle is opening its mouth waiting to strike.
Hallelujah. This is interesting. I see some kind of fruit with thorns all over it.
It looks like eagle talons that have been on this cone-looking thing.
There are eagle talons all over this cone. It's similar to a pineapple, but I see these talons.
It looks like witchcraft. It's like the talons of a hawk that have been clustered all over this piece of fruit.
They're black talon. It's a curved claw that comes out of this fruit that looks very evil, almost like it was created.
Thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough. No matter how deep or vast that pit looks, Father God, you're the God of the breakthrough.
Only you can do it through us. Father, we need the more. We need the anointing on a greater level, a greater outpouring, a greater manifestation of the glory.
I'll pour out a refreshing on you. Drink from the cup I provided for you.
Come unto Him and drink. Sit at His feet daily and abide in Him. Thank you, Lord. We sit at your feet.
We pray from the heart, out of our heads and into the heart, breaking forth out of this root.
Glory to God. Every tongue that rises against us, Father, we condemn it.
We soar; we come up higher. We thank you, Father, for the fire.
For eye has not seen, nor ear heard, nor entered into the heart of man.
We plead the blood in the name of Jesus. For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
Great is His faithfulness to us. You have a plan for our lives to bless us and not harm us.
There are good days ahead for the body of Christ. We're praying on the victory side.
Father, we thank you. Everything we've prayed in the spirit today, we believe we receive the blessing.
We're taking back the land for Jesus. Well, we appreciate you being here today.
If you could, subscribe. My last video, people got ticked off and there were a lot of unsubscribers.
I just told the Braden, 'I think I said something that tripped some people off,'but if they're not meant to be here, they're not meant to be here.
We're looking for the people who want to take things seriously, who want to be the end-time army to pray.
Some are here just to get their ears tickled; they want to hear about investment things.
I'm not all about that. I'm about getting the harvest in, and that's what we're about.
We're here to help people get what they're believing for, to believe and to get their breakthrough, to stand on their covenants.
There are people believing they have things going on; they've been in the hospital, they have issues, and they've been given a bad report.
Those are the people we're here to pray for. We know people who are serious about God and serious about prayer.
Other people just want their ears tickled; I'm not here to tickle them.
I'm here to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming and He's coming back soon, and you need to repent and get your heart right before Him because you're going to hell if you're not.
And that's what we're here to tell you. We're here to shake you, to say, "Listen, it's time for you to wake up.
It's time for you to wake up. Jesus has a plan for your life. You don't want to go to hell.
You don't want to be in bondage and live in the bondage of what the devil has. We want to live on the victory side.
And that's what you're here for, and that's what you're going to get when you come here: a refreshing to pray, somebody to pray with.
We're here to pray with you, we're here to believe with you, we're here to stand with you, and know that we love you.
We pray for you every day. We're excited about our channel and what God's done here.
We're believing for an end-time, mighty-moving army of prayers.
Like the Lord said, 'I've assembled the elites, the best of the best for this generation.'They're on this channel and they're praying. I thought that was amazing. A lot of you liked that, too.
You emailed, 'Hey, it's the truth,'and I was like, 'Wow, Lord, I'm excited to be a part of it.'So like, subscribe, click the notification bell, click a thumbs up, and do everything it takes to get in the algorithm.
We believe that we're making a difference in this world by prayer and by seeking Him daily.
Every video is going to be different. Obviously, I'm still going, 'Wow, what was that fruit?
What was that turtle?'I don't know—something to pray about.
Many of you probably have the interpretation of what that snapping turtle meant, but it's interesting. South America praying for Africa, praying for a revival.
Saw a portal and I saw glory going from Africa, spreading through the Middle East, starting in Africa—a revival.
It's like the revival started catching Africa and it started to spread into the Middle East, going through Egypt and going through all of it, Iraq, all of it.
Beautiful revival. It catches somewhere, folks, and I believe there's more coming.
There's more; it's going to be like a brush fire. Glory to God.
Well, thank you for joining us today. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Thank you for joining us and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.